Starlay_finance.md (#9)
use-inkubator/Ecosystem-Grants: applications/starlay_finance.md

# Starlay Finance

- **Team Name:** Starlay Finance
- **Payment Address:** `5EeWRBfmWJo1ZnAbCWSupbA4KEiyPnYBJZKid9ngFcheH94g`

## Project Overview :page_facing_up:
### Overview

> This project demonstrates the Starlay team's dedication to advancing the DeFi space by developing a WebAssembly (Wasm) version of Compound V2, which bolsters both its performance and security capabilities. By making the project's source code open and accessible, we aim to empower developers within the Polkadot ecosystem to seamlessly and securely integrate lending-related functionalities using Wasm technology. This Wasm lending contract is designed to be compatible with all Wasm-supporting parachains, including prominent networks such as Astar Network, Phala Network, Alphazero, and more.　

Reviewer: Will this implementation differ from Compound V2 in any way, or will it basically just be an ink! port?

Author: Not differ from Compound V2. This implementation will basically just be an ink! port.

> This project demonstrates the Starlay team's dedication to advancing the DeFi space by developing a WebAssembly (Wasm) version of Compound V2, which bolsters both its performance and security capabilities. By making the project's source code open and accessible, we aim to empower developers within the Polkadot ecosystem to seamlessly and securely integrate lending-related functionalities using Wasm technology. This Wasm lending contract is designed to be compatible with all Wasm-supporting parachains, including prominent networks such as Astar Network, Phala Network, Alphazero, and more.　

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project demonstrates the Starlay team's dedication to advancing the DeFi space by developing a WebAssembly (Wasm) version of Compound V2, which bolsters both its performance and security capabilities. By making the project's source code open and accessible, we aim to empower developers within the Polkadot ecosystem to seamlessly and securely integrate lending-related functionalities using Wasm technology. This Wasm lending contract is designed to be compatible with all Wasm-supporting parachains, including prominent networks such as Astar Network, Phala Network, Alpha Zero, and more.　
```

- Deposit: Users can deposit their preferred listed assets, receive lTokens (similar to Compound's cTokens), and earn lending fee income from the interest generated by borrowers.
- Redeem: Users can withdraw their deposited assets and any accrued interest by redeeming their lTokens.
- Borrow: Users can borrow assets at competitive interest rates by providing their assets as collateral, creating a seamless borrowing experience.
- Repay: Borrowers can use this feature to repay their loans, either partially or in full, helping them manage their debt effectively.
- Liquidate: In the event of an undercollateralized loan, users can participate in liquidations, partially repaying the loan and receiving a portion of the collateral in return.
- Flash Loan: Developers can take advantage of flash loans, which allow them to borrow all available assets without collateral, as long as they borrow and repay within a single transaction. This feature enables innovative use cases like arbitrage, refinancing, and liquidations.

Dashboard Overview (as the same UI as Starlay Finance)
![starlay_dashboard](https://i.imgur.com/rXX70kY.png "UI")

## Team :busts_in_silhouette:

> ### Team members

Reviewer: Can you add more info about the team members?

Shumpei Koike (CEO)

Seiya Chida (COO)

David Lee (Lead Dev)

And three other devs

### Contact

- **Contact Name:** Seiya Chida
- **Contact Email:** seiya@starlay.finance
- **Website:** https://starlay.finance/

### Team's experience

We are Starlay Finance, a team of experienced DeFi developers, designers and marketers. Starlay Finance once ranked as a huge DeFi locked with more than $500M in just 5 weeks after its launch on Astar Network. We've also developed Kagla(Stable swap) and Muuu(Yield booster) on Astar Network. 

### Team Code Repos

> - https://github.com/starlay-finance/<Starlay Finance>

Reviewer: Can you format these links properly?

- https://github.com/kagla-finance/<Kagla Finance>
- https://github.com/muuu-finance/<Muuu Finance>

> Please also provide the GitHub accounts of all team members. If they contain no activity, references to projects hosted elsewhere or live are also fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- https://github.com/artat9
- https://github.com/un-ast
- https://github.com/wolfwarrier14
- https://github.com/qudacki
- https://github.com/chidasan

### Team LinkedIn Profiles (if available)

- https://www.linkedin.com/in/shumpeikoike/
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/seiya-chida-7a9717165/

## Development Status :open_book:

We have completed the basic implementation and are currently adding test code and making minor modifications. As Grant progresses, we plan to request an audit firm to conduct a code audit.

## Development Roadmap :nut_and_bolt:

### Overview

- **Total Estimated Duration:** 12 weeks

> - **Full-Time Equivalent (FTE):**  2FTE, 4PTE

Reviewer: What does PTE mean here? Half time? Quarter time?

Author: Thanks for the comment. I meant Part-Time Equivalent. However, Half-Time Equivalent would be correct. I'll modify it

- **Total Costs:** 180,000 - 230,000 USD

### Milestone 1 — Basic functionality

- **Estimated duration:** 5 weeks
- **FTE:**  2FTE, 4PTE

> - **Costs:** 50,000 USD

Reviewer: So I would split this milestone into two smaller ones. I'd want to see something smaller delivered first before dolling out $50k

| -----: | ----------- | ------------- |
| **0a.** | License | Apache 2.0 |
| **0b.** | Documentation | We will provide both documentation of the code and a basic video tutorial that explains how a user can easily use Starlay app |
| 1. | Deposit function| Allow users to deposit assets into our lending platform and receive interest-bearing tokens |
| 2. | Borrow function| Allow users to borrow an asset at a low-interest rate by offering the users assets as collateral |
| 2. | Mint function| Allow users to supply assets to a Starlay market and earn interest on their deposits|
| 3. | Redeem function| Allow users to convert their lTokens (lay ibTokens) back into the underlying assets they initially supplied |
| 4. | Repay_borrow function| Allow users to repay their loans and release the collateral that was locked during the borrowing process |
| 5. | Liquidate_borrow function |　Repay a part of the borrower's outstanding loan on behalf of the borrower　|
| 6. | List tokens (by the onwer)| Allow users to deposit and borrow ERC-20 based tokens as well as the native token(ASTR) |
| 7. | Switch between EVM and Polkadot| Allow users to switch between EVM and Polkadot wallet |

> ### Milestone 2 - Audit

Reviewer: FYI, this would be something that the ink!ubator would potentially organize and pay for directly. I.e we would not pay you to then pay an auditor

Author: Great! We are gonna ask Hacken to do our first round of code audits. I will share the estimated cost that I just received from them. If you need a more detailed conversation, please feel free to contact me anytime through Telegram (https://t.me/seiya_starlay), or  email(seiya@starlay.finance).

Reviewer 2: @Chidasan 
As I am aware, Hacken team will apply for the Auditor track, and then we could assign them to do an audit, thank you
